# References

Anderson, T. W., The Statistical Analysis of Time Series, New York: John Wiley and Sons, 1971.

Cumby, R. E., J. Huizinga, and M. Obstfeld, "Two-Step Two-Stage Least Squares Estimation in Models with Rational Expectations," Journal of Econometrics, 21 (1983), 333-355.

Doan, T. A. and R. B. Litterman, RATS User's Manual, Minneapolis: VAR Econometrics, 1983.

Eichenbaum, M. S., L. P. Hansen, and K. J. Singleton, "A Time Series Analysis of Representative Agent Models of Consumption and Leisure Choice under Uncertainty," manuscript, 1985.

Fuller, W. A., Introduction to Statistical Time Series, New York: John Wiley and Sons, 1976.

Gallant, A. R., "Dynamic Nonlinear Models," Ch. 9 of Nonlinear Statistical Models, North Carolina State University, Institute of Statistics Mimeograph Series No. 1667, July 1985.

Hansen, L. P., "Large Sample Properties of Generalized Method of Moments Estimators," Econometrica, 50 (1982), 1029-1054.

Hansen, L. P. and K. J. Singleton, "Generalized Instrumental Variable Estimation of Nonlinear Rational Expectations Models," Econometrica, 50 (1982), 1269-1286.

McLeod, A. I. and W. K. Li, "Diagnostic Checking ARMA Time Series Models Using Squared-Residual Autocorrelations," Journal of Time Series Analysis, 4 (1983), 269-273.

West, K. D., "A Specification Test for Speculative Bubbles," Princeton University Financial Research Memorandum No. 58, 1985.

West, K. D., "A Variance Bounds Test of the Linear-Quadratic Inventory Model," Journal of Political Economy, forthcoming, 1986a.

West, K. D., "Dividend Innovations and Stock Price Volatility," manuscript, 1986b.

Whitt, D. and S. Wold, "A Completely Automatic French Curve: Fitting Spline Functions in a Cross Validation," Communications in Statistics, 4 (1975), 1-17.

White, H. and I. Domowitz, "Nonlinear Regression with Dependent Observations," Econometrica, 52 (1984), 143-161.

White, H., Asymptotic Theory for Econometricians, New York: Academic Press, 1984.
