"Multiperiod Consumption-Investment Decisions." *A.E.R.* 60 (March 1970): 163–74.

———. "Efficient Capital Markets: A Review of Theory and Empirical Work." *J. Finance* 25 (May 1970): 383–417.

———. "Risk, Return and Equilibrium." *J.P.E.* 79 (January/February 1971): 30–55.

Fama, E. F., and Babiak, H. "Dividend Policy: An Empirical Analysis." *J. American Statist. Assoc.* 63 (December 1968): 1132–61.

Fama, E. F.; Fisher, L.; Jensen, M.; Roll, R. "The Adjustment of Stock Prices to New Information." *Internat. Econ. Rev.* 10 (February 1969): 1–21.

Fama, E. F., and Miller, M. *The Theory of Finance.* New York: Holt, Rinehart & Winston, 1972.

Fama, E. F., and Roll, R. "Some Properties of Symmetric Stable Distributions." *J. American Statist. Assoc.* 63 (September 1968): 817–36.

———. "Parameter Estimates for Symmetric Stable Distributions." *J. American Statist. Assoc.*, 1971.

Friend, I., and Blume, M. "Measurement of Portfolio Performance under Uncertainty." *A.E.R.* 60 (September 1970): 561–75.

Gonedes, N. J. "Evidence on the Information Content of Accounting Numbers: Accounting-based and Market-based Estimates of Systematic Risk." *J. Financial and Quantitative Analysis* (1973), in press.

Jaffe, J. "Security Regulation, Special Information, and Insider Trading." Ph.D. dissertation, University of Chicago, 1972.

Jensen, M. "The Foundations and Current State of Capital Market Theory." *Bell J. Econ. and Management Sci.* 3 (Autumn 1972): 357–98.

Lintner, J. "The Valuation of Risk Assets and the Selection of Risky Investments in Stock Portfolios and Capital Budgets." *Rev. Econ. and Statist.* 47 (February 1965): 13–37.

Mandelker, G. "Returns to Stockholders from Mergers." Ph.D. proposal, University of Chicago, 1972.

Markowitz, M. *Portfolio Selection: Efficient Diversification of Investments.* New York: Wiley, 1959.

Miller, K. D. "Future Trading and Investor Returns: An Investigation of Commodity Market Risk Premiums." Ph.D. dissertation, University of Chicago, 1971.

Miller, M., and Scholes, M. "Rates of Return in Relation to Risk: A Re-Examination of Some Recent Findings." In *Studies in the Theory of Capital Markets*, edited by Michael Jensen. New York: Praeger, 1972.

Mood, A. M., and Graybill, F. A. *Introduction to the Theory of Statistics.* New York: McGraw-Hill, 1963.

Officer, R. R. "A Time Series Examination of the Market Factor of the New York Stock Exchange." Ph.D. dissertation, University of Chicago, 1971.

Roll, R. *The Behavior of Interest Rates.* New York: Basic, 1970.

Sharpe, W. F. "Capital Asset Prices: A Theory of Market Equilibrium under Conditions of Risk." *J. Finance* 19 (September 1964): 425–42.

Tobin, J. "Liquidity Preference as Behavior towards Risk." *Rev. Econ. Studies* 25 (February 1958): 65–86.
